README.md, before:

[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/TechnologyAdvice/fixd.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/TechnologyAdvice/fixd)
[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/TechnologyAdvice/fixd.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/TechnologyAdvice/fixd)

# Fixd

Fixd is a JavaScript library for creating reference-free, immutable/frozen objects. It supports immutability on all native types, including deeply nested objects and arrays.

## Installation

`npm i fixd --save-dev`

## Quick Start

```javascript
'use strict'
const fixd = require('fixd')

// Add a new object
fixd.foo = { 
  fizz: 'buzz', 
  baz: { 
    quz: 'baz' 
  } 
}

// Access object
fixd.foo // -> { fizz: 'buzz', baz: { quz: 'baz' } }

// Throws error, prevents mutations
foo.fizz = 'bazz' // -> ERROR: Cannot assign to read only property
```

_Note: While `Object.freeze` will prevent modifications, `use strict` must be applied to the document in order to throw error on attempted mutation_

## Creating New Instances

Because the objects are frozen, Fixd provides the `create` method for returning a new, modified instance.

```javascript
fixd.create('foo', (foo) => {
  foo.fizz = 'bazz'
  return foo
}) // -> { fizz: 'bazz', baz: { quz: 'baz' } }
```

The above will not modify the `foo` object, it will return a new, reference-free, frozen instance of the object.

## License

Fixd is developed and maintained by TechnologyAdvice and released under the ISC license

Commit message:

doc(readme): cleanup, adds development section

README.md, after:

[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/TechnologyAdvice/fixd.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/TechnologyAdvice/fixd)
[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/TechnologyAdvice/fixd.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/TechnologyAdvice/fixd)

# Fixd

Fixd is a JavaScript library for creating reference-free, immutable (frozen) objects. It supports immutability on all native types, including deeply nested objects and arrays.

## Installation

`npm i fixd --save`

## Quick Start

```javascript
'use strict'
const fixd = require('fixd')

// Add a new object
fixd.foo = { 
  fizz: 'buzz', 
  baz: { 
    quz: 'baz' 
  } 
}

// Access object
fixd.foo // -> { fizz: 'buzz', baz: { quz: 'baz' } }

// Throws error, prevents mutations
foo.fizz = 'bazz' // -> ERROR: Cannot assign to read only property
```

_Note: While `Object.freeze` will prevent modifications, `use strict` must be applied to the document in order to throw error on attempted mutation._

## Creating New Instances

Because the objects are frozen, Fixd provides the `create` method for returning a new, modified instance.

```javascript
fixd.create('foo', (foo) => {
  foo.fizz = 'bazz'
  return foo
}) // -> { fizz: 'bazz', baz: { quz: 'baz' } }
```

The above will not modify the `foo` object, it will return a new, reference-free, frozen instance of the object based on the modification performed in the function.

## Development

The prefered dependency manager for Fixd is [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com). To run tests, execute the following after dependencies have been installed:

```
yarn test
```

## License

Fixd is developed and maintained by [TechnologyAdvice](http://www.technologyadvice.com) and released under the ISC license.
